README.md, before:

# Squad-DMA-Radar

## Description
Squad DMA Radar is a radar tool for Squad that provides real-time tracking of players/vehicles/deployables on a 2D map.

## Mod Support
- Global Escalation
- Steel Division
- Super mod (Soon?)
- MEE (Soon?)

## Features
### Radar Features
- POI placements for mortar calculations
- Displays all friendly and enemy players 
- Displays all vehicles / emplacements / deployables
- Auto selects the layer 
- Displays a distance for any vehicle

### Gameplay Features
- Rapid Fire: Customize fire rates for any weapon  
- Infinite Ammo: Never run out of ammunition  
- Quick Swap: Instantly switch between weapons  
- Extended Interactions: Interact with objects from greater distances  
- Speed Hack: Control and boost player movement speed  
- Suppression Control: Tweak or disable suppression effects  
- Base Shooting: Enable weapon use within the main base  
- Quick Zoom: Instantly zoom in on targets  
- Air Stuck: Hover mid-air while remaining invincible and able to deal damage  
- Collision Toggle: Modify or disable player collision  
- Full Auto Override: Force any weapon into full-auto mode  
- No Recoil: Eliminate weapon kickback  
- No Sway: Remove weapon sway when aiming  
- No Spread: Ensure perfect bullet accuracy  
- No Camera Shake: Disable all screen shake effects  


## Usage
1. Clone the repository.
2. Ensure all necessary dependencies are in place.
3. Compile the project.
4. Run the application.

## Dependencies
- FTD3XX.dll
- leechcore.dll, vmm.dll, dbghelp.dll, symsrv.dll and vcruntime140.dll - https://github.com/ufrisk/MemProcFS/releases
- libSkiaSharp.dll - SkiaSharp library

## Note
Ensure all necessary files are properly included and referenced for the application to function correctly.

## Acknowledgments
This project builds upon the original work created by [UC Forum Thread](https://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/escape-from-tarkov/482418-2d-map-dma-radar-wip.html) and its continuation [EFT-DMA-Radar-v2](https://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/escape-from-tarkov/639021-dma-radar-v2.html) by x0m, Keegi and MasterKeef. It is basically a fork of a EFT-DMA-Radar-v2 adapted to UE4 Squad base. It has a lot of perfomance issues, as well as some bugs.

## Preview
![image](https://github.com/Butter2222/squad-dma/blob/main/preview/radar-preview.png)

Commit message:

Updates : - Added Color Tab. Users can now configure all colors themselves. Default colors are loaded for the first time. Colors are saved to the config. Color previews may not load on startup but will load after you select your custom color. Colors can be buggy, minimal testing was done.

README.md, after:

# Squad-DMA-Radar

## Description
Squad DMA Radar is a radar tool for Squad that provides real-time tracking of players/vehicles/deployables on a 2D map.

## Mod Support
- Global Escalation
- Steel Division
- Super mod (Soon?)
- MEE (Soon?)

## Usage
1. Clone the repository.
2. Ensure all necessary dependencies are in place.
3. Compile the project.
4. Run the application.

## Pre-Compiled Builds 
Pre-compiled builds may be provided after each commit.  
If a build becomes outdated or does not work as expected, please take the initiative to resolve the issue on your own.

## Dependencies
- FTD3XX.dll
- leechcore.dll, vmm.dll, dbghelp.dll, symsrv.dll and vcruntime140.dll - https://github.com/ufrisk/MemProcFS/releases
- libSkiaSharp.dll - SkiaSharp library

## Note
Ensure all necessary files are properly included and referenced for the application to function correctly.

## Acknowledgments
This project builds upon the original work created by [UC Forum Thread](https://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/escape-from-tarkov/482418-2d-map-dma-radar-wip.html) and its continuation [EFT-DMA-Radar-v2](https://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/escape-from-tarkov/639021-dma-radar-v2.html) by x0m, Keegi and MasterKeef.  
It is basically a fork of EFT-DMA-Radar-v2 adapted to UE4 Squad base. It has a lot of performance issues, as well as some bugs.  

Special thanks to [seentee](https://github.com/seentee) and [Zach3rry59](https://github.com/Zach3rry59) for their contributions and support.

## Preview
![image](https://github.com/Butter2222/squad-dma/blob/main/preview/radar-preview.png)
![image](https://github.com/Butter2222/squad-dma/blob/main/preview/radar-preview2.png)
![image](https://github.com/Butter2222/squad-dma/blob/main/preview/radar-preview3.png)
